Docs: 229 update contributing (#259)
anitab-org/bridge-in-tech-backend: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

* Issues labeled as `First Timers Only` are meant for contributors who have not contributed to the project yet. Please choose other issues to contribute to, if you have already contributed to these types of issues.

## General Guidelines

* If you’re just getting started work on an issue labeled `First Timers Only` in any project. Additional resources are available on our [website](http://www.systers.io).
* In an active repository (not an archived one), choose an open issue from the issue list, claim it in the comments, and a maintainer will assign it to you.  
* After approval, you must make continuous notes on your progress in the issue while working.  If there is not at least one comment every 3 days, the maintainer can reassign the issue.
* Create a branch specific to the issue you're working on, so that you send a PR from that branch instead of the base branch on your fork.
* If you’d like to create a new issue, please go through our issue list first (open as well as closed) and make sure the issues you are reporting do not replicate the existing issues. 

> * Have a short description of what has gone wrong (like a root cause analysis and description of the fix), if that information is not already present in the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Give a short description of what went wrong (like a root cause analysis and description of the fix), if that information is not already present in the issue.
```
